# Go API client for customerclient

API documentation for the customer service.

This service provides endpoints for customer registration and management.


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/alexgrauroca](https://github.com/alexgrauroca)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import customerclient "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `customerclient.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), customerclient.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `customerclient.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), customerclient.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `customerclient.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `customerclient.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), customerclient.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), customerclient.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:80*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CustomersAPI* | [**GetCustomer**](docs/CustomersAPI.md#getcustomer) | **Get** /v1.0/customers/{customerID} | Get a specific customer data
*CustomersAPI* | [**RegisterCustomer**](docs/CustomersAPI.md#registercustomer) | **Post** /v1.0/customers | Register a new customer
*CustomersAPI* | [**UpdateCustomer**](docs/CustomersAPI.md#updatecustomer) | **Put** /v1.0/customers/{customerID} | Update a specific customer data


## Documentation For Models

 - [Customer](docs/Customer.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [Pagination](docs/Pagination.md)
 - [RegisterCustomerRequest](docs/RegisterCustomerRequest.md)
 - [RegisterCustomerResponse](docs/RegisterCustomerResponse.md)
 - [UpdateCustomerRequest](docs/UpdateCustomerRequest.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### BearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), customerclient.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



